# Better-Poker-Bots
Ongoing project to make poker bots that are not dumb

This R script is a project I very recently started working on, so it is not even close to complete. My friends and I love poker, although none of us actually want to bet real money as we are not very good, nor are we in a financial position to do so. An easy way for us to play is online, which works well enough. However, on most of the sites we use, there is an option to add bots if you would like a larger table. These bots, quite frankly, are useless. They have no concept of pot odds, bet sizing, and their behaviors make no sense (I do not mean this in a way that is advantagous to playing poker). In fact I woiuld margue that they are completely predictable, in a way that is the worst way to play poker. Furthermore, these bots dont seem to care to "learn" the player they play against. With this in mind, I decided to take it upon myself to create better bots. I am a bayesian, so naturally I believe I can create a random betting system based on posterior intervals that it gathers from previous hands and bet sizing that will make for a much betetr bot. One that not only understands the fundamentals of poker, but also takes note of how it's opponent plays (without reacting TOO hard to it).

Being in my 4th year, my dissertation takes most of my time, so this project has unfortunately sat dormant for a while. What we have thus far is essentially functions that deal cards, keep track of the deck, deal a flop, turn card, and river, and then can get the hand strength. The fun part, where I actually get these bots going, is yet to come. 
